o co lai de Mayo zen a
i believe it was our friend wolf
Shakespeare said that a rose by any
other name would still smell as sweet
but although it seems that all that
separates the toyota 86 and subaru brz
is a name is a lot more going for the
latter offering
now Toyota likes to take all the credit
for the 86 halo model but it was
actually sabar acquitted all hard work
top gear is rambling geriatric Jeremy
Clarkson might have said that the 86 and
the beerz are exactly the same but we
think he's wrong the Subaru BRZ offered
in South Africa boasts more than its
Toyota counterpart on the outside you
get daytime running lights a rear
spoiler and is also a sbarro performance
exhaust system on the inside the
finishes are better is also a color
screen interface and of course sbarro
throws in a five-year 105,000 kilometer
maintenance plan compared to the Toyotas
fourier 60,000 service plan inside the
BRZ feels more substantial finishes are
better than they are in the toyota you
also get the semi never and Alcantara
seat and a navigation system as standard
so at 389 thousand Rand it's about fully
grand more than what you pay for each
year 286 high spec but it does feel well
worth the extra dough
this performance exhaust system does a
good job of amplifying the boxing up
front but it also adds around six
kilowatts into the mix and compared to
the Toyota 86 the suspension in the brm
is firm up front so it's less tail happy
in fact it almost mimics that confidence
since on all-wheel-drive stickiness
you'd expect from any other somali don't
be fooled them with the electronic
nannies off it's really easy to induce
some tail sliding Burke and we've had
quite a bit of fun throwing it around
the kisa Raceway in California with the
systems on however and lasso is thrown
around anyway witness before things turn
tragic
in addition to being a Mad Hatter
drifting machine the prz is a venerable
sports cards precise it's accurate you
can point into the apex of a corner and
shoot straight out with confidence
it really sticks
you sit low to the ground happily
stirring away that slick six-speed box
it's really organic pure
as you want from a sports car
really entertaining
two BR 0 or not to be arson that is the
question so it's a little more expensive
than be a g6 but it's also more
exclusive poised for future classic
status and it's also got the sbarro bad
linked with excitement thanks models
like a WRX STI teota on the other hand
is associated with praise well you could
save the dough get the 86 without the
maintenance man Ethier exhaust and other
bits but one day you're going to pull up
an extra one of these and wish it opted
for the six star subaru brz
thank you for joining us on another surf
for cars review you can catch us on
facebook twitter google+ and of course
youtube for the latest motoring news new
and used car reviews visit several cars
not co loads a day until the next one
drive safe see you later co za